### Rekon Persediaan (HPP Reconciliation) Module Test Scenarios
# This file can be used with the REST Client extension for VS Code.

@baseUrl = http://localhost:3000/api
@authToken = eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6NzQsInVzZXJuYW1lIjoiMjAxMjAyNTYzMSIsInJvbGUiOiJ1c2VyIiwiaWF0IjoxNzcwODYzNDAyLCJleHAiOjE3NzA5NDk4MDJ9.JKe7I9qu1k0wL7D5sq_X716Y2Z_8S08QgEoCW9cPVfw

### 1. Authentication
# Log in to get the JWT token for subsequent requests.
# @name login
POST {{baseUrl}}/auth/login
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "username": "2012025631",
    "password": "123456"
}

### 2. Start Screening Process
# Start the reconciliation process for a specific branch and period.
# @name startScreening
GET {{baseUrl}}/rekon-persediaan/screening?cabang=G033&periode=2602
Authorization: Bearer {{authToken}}

### 3. Start Screening - Use Default Cabang ("All")
# Request without 'cabang' parameter should default to "All".
GET {{baseUrl}}/rekon-persediaan/screening?periode=2412
Authorization: Bearer {{authToken}}

### 4. Start Screening - Error Case (Missing Periode)
# This request should return a 400 Bad Request error.
GET {{baseUrl}}/rekon-persediaan/screening?cabang=G001
Authorization: Bearer {{authToken}}

### 5. Get Summary
# Fetch reconciliation summary statistics.
GET {{baseUrl}}/rekon-persediaan/summary?cabang=G001&periode=2412
Authorization: Bearer {{authToken}}

### 6. Get All Records (Paginated)
# Fetch reconciliation records with various filters and sorting.
GET {{baseUrl}}/rekon-persediaan/records?page=1&limit=10&cabang=G001&periode=2412&sortColumn=KDTK&sortOrder=ASC
Authorization: Bearer {{authToken}}

### 7. Get All Records - With Search Query
# Search for specific records (e.g., specific item code or store).
GET {{baseUrl}}/rekon-persediaan/records?page=1&limit=10&searchQuery=A001
Authorization: Bearer {{authToken}}
